listen telekinesis is easily the best
power to have so when I heard that the
guy who adapted at the end of the effing
world for Netflix was also adapting
Charles Foreman's I am not okay with
this I was like okay acronyms it is but
considering it's from the producers of
stranger things that means that again a
30 minute graphic novel gets stretched
out to multiple seasons and gets
stripped and stuffed with as many 80s
references as possible but I selected
let me explain so the series consists of
seven episodes with them being like 20
minutes long so it's an easy binge if
you don't want to get spoiled like I'm
about to do just like in the graphic
novel you follow Sydney and angsty high
schooler dealing with newfound abilities
played by Sophia Lily's who I guess
refuses to star in this decade after her
father's suicide the whole family starts
falling apart
her little brother to Liam has to make
his own pasta because they won't buy any
Chef Boyardee Sydney accidentally
murders his hamster because of her
abilities poor kids getting bullied at
school so if we do have a follow-up for
this if there's one person who I want to
eventually get powers so he can somehow
bring back banana wiglesworth its Liam
the first shoots always the hardest to
design sorry what was it well I'm gonna
build this shoot and kick Richard Wright
and Jess when it comes to the mom I buy
I love don't love me back Wow maybe
you're aiming too high yeah she kind of
validates the title but then we get
other characters like Wyatt
Olaf who's playing another character
named Stanley but what do I actually
make the cut for the sequel these are
the people that will actually attend the
5 10 20 year reunion because aside from
this nothing else all that nobody's
gonna happen he's definitely that kid
who complains about your hometown all
the time but never intends to leave it
he's the first to learn about its powers
and really hits it off with her Poppins
it's given her free weed getting
friend-zoned meanwhile Deena
I think definitely deserves more moments
in the show I was told she watch oh my
gosh what is called my so-called life
which I also have watched backwards and
forwards because Deena's character is a
lot like her best friend in that shows
both of them became friends and hit it
off when they were new kids but after
puberty Deena kind of expanded her
adventures in the comic there's actually
another older character thats it comes
across named Ryan who plays a big part
in the story so
I don't know if she's gonna show up in
another season or if they're just giving
up her role between these two but as far
as the show goes
Dina and Sid share a moment but Dina
still with Brett until he cheats so then
he seeks revenge on set for exposing his
secrets let's just say that tonight it's
gonna be [ __ ] mind-blowing and sadly
he was right after stealing her diary
and calling her out at the dance
Sydney Pops him just like those it's
from earlier in the comics she actually
confronts him at work and more so gives
them an aneurysm so the poor soul could
get an open casket
not the open Jimmy guy as for the show
Stanley snatches diary Deena still
doesn't know about the powers but then
it turns into like life is strange as
Sid meets this mysterious figure at the
watchtower who just had to end the
season with the most cliche line let's
begin shall we begin so here's the thing
just like with the end of the effing
world they're they're taking what was a
short comic and expanding on it beyond
the ending in order to create more
seasons and you know that's not a bad
thing the second season of the end of
the world wasn't bad we just got hit
with the end of ours and moved on to the
next thing but when you compare the
ending to the comic for this one and
where they want to take this thing it
seems vastly different so faux comic
spoilers right here that being that she
sees at the end is represented as a
ghost so almost like a poop stain in the
corner of her walls in the comic but for
the show they're giving it a body and it
seems to be like a evil Nick Fury the
ending of the comic also isn't as
heroics and Sid gets so exhausted with
her powers that she decides to end her
life instead of risking an outburst that
would hurt her family or others around
her
I don't think necklace is gonna take it
that way according to the showrunner
they're coming they're going to go for
conspiracies and people trying to
weaponize this power probably leading to
a Dark Phoenix like ending or you know
some form of isolation meanwhile you
know they'll be stuffing as many
stranger things refs as they can in
order to be named the ugly sister to
stranger things because stranger things
and if all else fails John Hughes
references seeing as they're adding to
the story I don't know if they're gonna
pivot to be like other superpower shows
a Netflix has there's raising Dione
which also had secret organizations and
very similar mysterious presences also
was a great lesson on how not to while
your stunts because that
chickens semi control her powers that
entity at the end may wants a user
trainer maybe there is more to that
incidents overseas that killed everyone
except her father when he was deployed
maybe there's an organization of anti
heroes like the one in glass maybe
she'll go full Chronicle or you know
maybe they'll remember that there was a
comic and it said sometimes there's no
answers in life sex
sadly streaming is following the way of
TV and it's filler because in the era of
overabundance the goal is stuff
franchise and serialized any property
you can get if the original source is
good enough people move on too quickly
nowadays so you know stop it with as
many familiar tropes or callbacks to
things people already do like in order
to hook them faster and you just rinse
wash and repeat it I know that that
sounds like a Negative Nancy on the show
because I really do like it I think it's
very enjoyable it's short and it's fun
and it's not bad to go hey I understood
that reference why are watching
something but I worry that the more time
a show spends referencing other things
the less time its building things that a
QD reference back to let's begin
thank you guys taking out this video I'm
Kirsten on your thoughts down below in
the comments section again I highly
recommend the comic it's very shortened
you can read it like for free on hoopla
for those who don't know and usually
combine your library card it's very
short and it's way different than the
show like not completely different but
it definitely feels like the show is
taking it in China it's but you know
they do this for everything a lot of
Netflix show should really only be a
season but they expand it sometimes it's
good I want to say for me personally 90%
of the time it doesn't go so well and
hearing some of the baths that they're
going here it could be good you know I'm
not going anyone else they'll be at home
I'll watch it but I don't like the pitch
being that it's a more irreverent
stranger things have been slightly
sanitized and I would go out on a bigger
binge how everyone seems to be doing
this thing where it's like it's present
time but nobody uses their phones
because they wanted to be a tease and
excite sex education does this end of
the effing world does Riverdale does
this I'll even put it for shows I do
like I love you for you but I am fully
aware that these are like shows that
have playlists from the directors the
kids will never listen to them so even
in euphoria they're dancing to like a
playlist on what the showrunners listen
to is this weird amalgamation of the
filmmaker
wanting young actors to but it's weird I
don't know my only thing with that is
that when you show like a MacBook or a
phone while you're trying to get an
anesthetic you're kind of forgetting the
fact that they would have all filmed the
blowing up of that it's just things that
I may make a whole nother video in there
cuz I have found some crazy cause when
it comes to the production of these
things and how they're they're all like
the same thing but we'll get to that I
really do like the show I recommend it I
recommend a book even more and I
recommend the Netflix tops trying to
serialize everything when there's no
need for it other than that let me know
your thoughts down below in the comment
section
hopefully we figure out why these cards
rims were on the floor until next time
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe